{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. The browser shakes hands with the server and interprets the information it gets into human-readable content. Without our browsers, we would only be reading the HTML code on a screen.\
\
Client - The client is your computer, which speaks to the server when you go online\
Server - The server is the other computer that your computer shakes hands with when on the Internet.\
Render - The internet browser renders the text and image data into what you see on your computer screen.\
\
2. HTML is the language we use to display information from the Internet onto our browser. Within HTML, there are specific tags to tell the browser what to do and how certain content should be displayed. There are a plethora of options for how we might be able to display that content.\
\
Tag - Tags will define how the browser interprets the information behind the scenes and display it on your screen. They define the beginning and end of an element using the angle brackets.\
Element - Elements are like tags, but represent some kind of semantic information, such as a list or the beginning of a paragraph.\
Node - To my understanding, everything is a node. That includes the elements, attributes, the text inside of any element, and the entire document.\
Attribute - An attribute gives extra information to define the property of an element. Each element has its own set of allowed attributes.\
Block Element - Block-level elements are elements that will occupy the defined space of their parent element, even if that parent element is the <body> tag. They will start on a new line.\
Inline Element - Inline elements can start anywhere in a line and are bound by the tags defining it.\
\
3.\
Head - Provides metadata about the document, such as the title displayed at the top of the browser.\
Body - This is where all the content of the HTML page will go.\
P - The P element begins a new paragraph.\
Form - The form element allows the user to input information to send to a web server.\
Div - The div element divides related elements for styling purposes. It is used generically when other semantic tags do not fit a more specific purpose.\
Span - The span element is similar to the div element in grouping related elements for styling purposes, only it is used inline rather than as a block level element.\
Select - The select element creates a pull-down menu of options for the user to click.\
H2 - h2 is a heading element, where the 2 signifies that it is the second most important heading.\
Ol - The oi element creates an ordered list (1, 2, 3, etc.)\
Ul - The ui element creates an unordered list, showing the listed items as bullet points.\
Table - the table element creates a table within the HTML document.\
Tr - Tr defines a new row of cells within the table. It will hold td and th elements.\
Td - Td defines the table data within the table row.}